If something unhappy happens
Then come find me
You still have me as a friend
Xiao Xi
Get up quickly
You'll catch a cold
Once upon a time there was a little rabbit
Life was very hard
Suddenly one day
It met a Teddy bear
Teddy bear thinks
It's so pitiful
So adopt it
Ha ha ha
Xiao Xi, Xiao Xi
But
This little rabbit
Loved Teddy Bear
But Teddy Bear
Just sympathize with it
But don't love the rabbit
Still want to marry another woman
Xiao Xi
No
Brother is not like that
He is not like that
Next to the little rabbit
Not necessarily just Teddy bear
It
There's a lot more to it that makes it fun
Listen to me
It'll get better
Don't touch her
You're just a doctor
This is not part of a doctor's job, right?
How about you
What do you think of her?